Revamp docs of gas and resource estimation (#1926)
foundry-rs/starknet-foundry: docs/src/testing/gas-and-resource-estimation.md

# Gas and VM Resources Estimation

`snforge` supports gas and other VM resources estimation for each individual test case. 

It does not calculate the final transaction fee, for details on how fees are calculated, 
please refer to fee mechanism in [Starknet documentation](https://docs.starknet.io/documentation/architecture_and_concepts/Network_Architecture/fee-mechanism).

## Gas Estimation

### Single Test

When the test passes with no errors, estimated gas is displayed this way:
```shell
[PASS] tests::simple_test (gas: ~1)
```

> This gas calculation is based on the estimated VM resources (that you can display additionally on demand), 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This gas calculation is based on the estimated VM resources (that you can [display additionally on demand](#usage)), 
```

# Gas and VM Resources Estimation

`snforge` supports gas and other VM resources estimation for each individual test case. 

It does not calculate the final transaction fee, for details on how fees are calculated, 

> please refer to fee mechanism in [Starknet documentation](https://docs.starknet.io/documentation/architecture_and_concepts/Network_Architecture/fee-mechanism).

Reviewer 2: [nit] I think it is more confusing/overwhelming than helpful, but that's my personal feeling

## Gas Estimation

### Single Test

When the test passes with no errors, estimated gas is displayed this way:
```shell
[PASS] tests::simple_test (gas: ~1)
```

> This gas calculation is based on the estimated VM resources, that you can display additionally on demand. 

Author: [Add more strict explanation on what is being accounted for in calcula…](https://github.com/foundry-rs/starknet-foundry/pull/1926/commits/720fca80fa1114f9c9455e8fd77bdffe71fb3138)

### Fuzzed Tests

While using the fuzzing feature additional gas statistics will be displayed:
```shell
[PASS] tests::fuzzing_test (runs: 256, gas: {max: ~126, min: ~1, mean: ~65.00, std deviation: ~37.31})
```

> 📝 **Note**
>  
> Starknet-Foundry uses blob-based gas calculation formula and v0.13.1 starknet costs in order to calculate gas usage. 

> > For details on the exact formula, [see the docs](https://docs.starknet.io/documentation/architecture_and_concepts/Network_Architecture/fee-mechanism/#overall_fee_blob). 

Author: I think inherently this needs to be kept track of. But i can ditch naming the specific version, i think it's a good call actually.

> > For details on the exact formula, [see the docs](https://docs.starknet.io/documentation/architecture_and_concepts/Network_Architecture/fee-mechanism/#overall_fee_blob). 

Author: [Ditch naming the specific starknet version in docs](https://github.com/foundry-rs/starknet-foundry/pull/1926/commits/5b927042918f8bd098b91a3dc48800a9a92129e1)

> 📝 **Note**
>  
> For now, blob gas is added up together with regular gas. 
> This behavior might change in the future.

## VM Resources estimation 

It is possible to enable more detailed breakdown of resources, on which the gas calculations are based on.

### Usage
In order to run tests with this feature, run the `test` command with the appropriate flag:
```shell
$ snforge test --detailed-resources
...
[PASS] package_name::tests::resources (gas: ~2213)
        steps: 881
        memory holes: 36
        builtins: ("range_check_builtin": 32)
        syscalls: (StorageWrite: 1, StorageRead: 1, CallContract: 1)
...
```
This displays the resources used by the VM during the test execution.

## Analyzing the results
Normally in transaction receipt (or block explorer transaction details), you would see some additional OS resources
that starknet-foundry does not include for a test (since it's not a normal transaction per-se):

#### Not included in the gas/resource estimations
- Fee transfer costs

> - Resources needed for using `Invoke`/`Declare`/`DeployAccount` transaction

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Transaction type related resources - in real Starknet additional cost depending on the transaction type (e.g., `Invoke`/`Declare`/`DeployAccount`) is added
```

Author: Thanks - i had some problems with wording this 😬
